i am andrew hall for sin is at Abu
dhabi with nokia to see the nokia
lumia 25 20 this is the first tablet
at nokia
it integrates windows 8 a full hd screen
and a quad core processor the first
thing that we notice on the tablet
it's her design she has a unibody body
polycarbonate very similar to
smartphones light if you are
smartphone owner lumia this
tablet will complement your
collection
she has a full HD screen of 10.1 inches
particularly sharp and bright which
is fine for viewing
videos and pictures inside us
have a qualcomm snapdragon processor
800 he to four hearts and so should
provide a lot of power
it incorporates a light version of
windows 8 points 1st t on instead of the
full version that allows you
to install your own applications
until now sales of
tablets under rt among others
builders was not very
gleaming
so it's a surprise to see nokia
use this bone on his nokia tablet a
also integrated applications
owners such as here maps or a
exclusive version of nokia music for
stream and music for free at
the back we have a camera
of 6.7 megapixels with a carl lens
zeiss that will take beautiful
pics
if you are comfortable in this genre
exercise with a tablet
you also have a usb socket 3 and
a hdmi output to connect the
tablet to a tv in order to help you
type text
you will also have a keyboard as well
that a cover for the latter with a
trackpad and an integrated battery that
brings autonomy to 16 hours in total
if you are interested in this
nokia tablet she should be
available at the end of the year for 499
dollars find us on six net for
more information it was tender or
not she with the nokia lumia 25 20